HTTP has been around since the early 90s.
Between just 2010 and 2015,
the amount of data transferred for a single web page has tripled.
The number of requests necessary to get all that data is on a steady rise as well.
HTTP is used for things and in
conditions that are very different from what it was designed for.
Design choices that made complete sense back then are now
becoming a burden both in terms of development and performance.
Some current best practices like concatenating all your JavaScript into
a single file solely exist to work around the shortcomings of HTTP1.
This is where HTTP2 comes in.
While also being backwards compatible,
it solves the biggest issues HTTP1 has.
We will learn how HTTP2 is different from
HTTP1 and how these differences help make your apps better.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6